corrections + zkp (#54)
AAU-Dat/P9-ZKP: report/src/sections/07-future-works.tex

At the moment there exists an improvement proposal
to include a~\gls{ssle} mechanism, called Whisk, in Ethereum~\cite{EthereumResearchSSLE2024}.
This method aims to improve the security of the network by obfuscating the identity of the proposer.
It does so by making the validators commit to a shared secret which can be bound to a validators identity and randomized to make to match the specific validator's identity.
Every epoch a random set of validators are chosen to gather commitments from a set of validators using~\gls{randao}.
Proposers then shuffle the commitments over the durration of 8182 slots.
Then~\gls{randao} is used to map the shuffled list onto the slots.
Validators can now decrypt the commitment that matches their identity and propose a block in the slot that they are assigned to.
This whole process is and example of~\gls{zkp} where the point is that every validator is able to prove that it is their turn to propose a block without revealing their identity.

> This would make it harder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an attacker would try to fetch the upcoming proposers, he would only retrieve one of these commitments.
Therefore, it makes it harder
```

for an adversary to perform the Proposer~\gls{dos} attack since the adversary would not know which validator to target.

> But even if this stops the~\gls{dos} attack, it does not prevent the de-anonymization of the validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will make it a lot harder to execute the~\gls{dos} attack.
Though, it does not prevent the data collection part of the attack, which is used to de-anonymize the validators.
```
